Requirements:

1. The system shall provide a utility function to match an additive to an already existing Orderable Item.
2. The system shall allow the user to input the additive information.
3. The system shall update the Orderable Item with the matched additive information.
4. The system shall retrieve the existing additives associated with the Orderable Item.
5. The system shall compare the existing additives with the new additive.
6. If there are additives that are not already associated with the Orderable Item, the system shall add them to the Orderable Item.
7. The system shall update the association between the additives and the Orderable Item.
8. The system shall update the count of additives associated with the Orderable Item.
9. The system shall provide a utility function to match a solution to an already existing Orderable Item.
10. The system shall allow the user to input the solution information.
11. The system shall update the Orderable Item with the matched solution information.
12. The system shall retrieve the existing solutions associated with the Orderable Item.
13. The system shall compare the existing solutions with the new solution.
14. If there are solutions that are not already associated with the Orderable Item, the system shall add them to the Orderable Item.
15. The system shall update the association between the solutions and the Orderable Item.
16. The system shall update the count of solutions associated with the Orderable Item.
17. The system shall provide a utility function to edit an Orderable Item.
18. The system shall allow the user to select an Orderable Item to edit.
19. The system shall display the selected Orderable Item for editing.
20. The system shall provide a utility function to inactivate an Orderable Item.
21. The system shall allow the user to select an Orderable Item to inactivate.
22. The system shall mark the selected Orderable Item as inactive.
23. The system shall provide a utility function to update the Orderable Item in the Pharmacy Data Management system.
24. The system shall retrieve the Orderable Item information from the Pharmacy Data Management system.
25. The system shall update the Orderable Item in the Pharmacy Data Management system.
26. The system shall provide a utility function to update the Orderable Item in the MUP system.
27. The system shall retrieve the Orderable Item information from the MUP system.
28. The system shall update the Orderable Item in the MUP system.
29. The system shall provide a utility function to update the Orderable Item in the PSSSOLIT system.
30. The system shall retrieve the Orderable Item information from the PSSSOLIT system.
31. The system shall update the Orderable Item in the PSSSOLIT system.

Note: The MUMPS code provided contains references to external dependencies such as ^PS(52.6, ^PS(50.7, ^PS(50.606, ^PS(52.7, and ^PSSPOIM3. The specific functionality and requirements of these dependencies are not defined in the provided code. Further analysis and understanding of these dependencies is required to define their corresponding requirements.