1. The system shall allow the user to select an IV SOLUTION from a list.
2. The system shall display the name and volume of the selected IV SOLUTION.
3. The system shall check if the selected IV SOLUTION is already matched to an Orderable Item.
4. If the selected IV SOLUTION is already matched to an Orderable Item, the system shall display the name and dose of the matched Orderable Item.
5. The system shall prompt the user if they want to re-match the IV SOLUTION.
6. If the user chooses not to re-match the IV SOLUTION, the system shall allow the user to select another IV SOLUTION.
7. If the user chooses to re-match the IV SOLUTION, the system shall remove the existing match and prompt the user to select a new Orderable Item.
8. The system shall allow the user to select a SYNONYM for the Orderable Item.
9. The system shall display a list of existing SYNONYMS for the Orderable Item.
10. The system shall allow the user to add a new SYNONYM for the Orderable Item.
11. If the user chooses not to add a new SYNONYM, the system shall display the details of the selected Orderable Item.
12. If the user chooses to add a new SYNONYM, the system shall prompt the user to enter the name of the new SYNONYM.
13. The system shall update the Orderable Item with the new SYNONYM.
14. The system shall display the updated details of the Orderable Item.
15. The system shall allow the user to select another IV Additive or Solution.
16. If the user chooses not to select another IV Additive or Solution, the system shall end the process.
17. The system shall allow the user to manually match an Additive to an Orderable Item.
18. The system shall check if the selected Additive is already matched to an Orderable Item.
19. If the selected Additive is already matched to an Orderable Item, the system shall remove the existing match.
20. The system shall prompt the user to select a new Orderable Item for the Additive.
21. The system shall update the Additive with the new Orderable Item.
22. The system shall display the updated details of the Additive and Orderable Item.
23. The system shall allow the user to manually match a Solution to an Orderable Item.
24. The system shall check if the selected Solution is already matched to an Orderable Item.
25. If the selected Solution is already matched to an Orderable Item, the system shall remove the existing match.
26. The system shall prompt the user to select a new Orderable Item for the Solution.
27. The system shall update the Solution with the new Orderable Item.
28. The system shall display the updated details of the Solution and Orderable Item.