Requirements:

1. The system shall enable the user to edit entries in the DRUG TEXT file.

2. The system shall prompt the user to select a drug from the DRUG TEXT file to edit.

3. If the user selects a drug, the system shall display the existing information related to the drug.

4. The system shall prompt the user to review the list of drugs and orderable items linked to the selected drug.

5. If the user chooses to review the list, the system shall display all entries in the Drug file or Orderable Item file that are linked to the selected drug.

6. The system shall provide an option to print a hard copy of the list of linked drugs and orderable items.

7. After editing the Drug Text Name or Text, the system shall display a message instructing the user to review the drugs and orderable items linked to the edited entry for accuracy.

8. If the edited entry was inactivated, the system shall display a message informing the user that drugs and orderable items linked to the entry will no longer display the associated text.

9. The system shall prompt the user to edit the Drug Text Name.

10. If the user chooses to edit the Drug Text Name, the system shall display the current Drug Text Name and prompt the user to enter a new Drug Text Name.

11. The system shall not allow the user to delete the Drug Text Name.

12. If the user enters a new Drug Text Name, the system shall update the Drug Text Name in the DRUG TEXT file.

13. The system shall prompt the user to edit the text for the selected drug.

14. If the user chooses to edit the text, the system shall display a warning that the absence of text lines will cause the Drug Text entry to be completely deleted.

15. The system shall prompt the user to press Return to continue.

16. The system shall provide a text editor for the user to edit the text for the selected drug.

17. After editing the text, the system shall check if all text lines were deleted.

18. If all text lines were deleted, the system shall delete the Drug Text entry from the DRUG TEXT file.

19. The system shall set a flag indicating that the Drug Text entry was deleted.

20. The system shall display a message informing the user that the absence of text lines caused the Drug Text entry to be completely deleted.

21. The system shall not prompt the user for Synonym and Inactivation Date if the Drug Text entry was completely deleted.

22. The system shall prompt the user to press Return to continue.

23. The system shall provide an option to exit the editing process.

24. The system shall save all changes made to the Drug Text entry in the DRUG TEXT file.